' Initialize Graphics
wndMain.imgProgress.Picture = wndGraphics.imgSlider3.Picture
wndMain.imgProgressYellow.Width = 0
wndMain.imgAudiogen.Picture = wndGraphics.imgAudiogen.Picture
wndMain.imgTopLeft.Picture = wndGraphics.imgTopLeft.Picture
wndMain.imgTopMid.Picture = wndGraphics.imgTopMid.Picture
wndMain.imgTopRight.Picture = wndGraphics.imgTopRight.Picture
wndMain.imgMidLeft.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMidLeft.Picture
wndMain.imgClose.Picture = wndGraphics.imgExit1.Picture
wndMain.imgMaximize.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMax1.Picture
wndMain.imgMinimize.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMinimize1.Picture
wndMain.imgProgress.Picture = wndGraphics.imgSlider3.Picture
wndMain.imgMidLeft2.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMidLeft2.Picture
wndMain.imgMidRight.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMidRight.Picture
wndMain.imgBottomLeft.Picture = wndGraphics.imgBottomLeft.Picture
wndMain.imgBottomMid.Picture = wndGraphics.imgBottomMid.Picture
wndMain.imgBottomRight.Picture = wndGraphics.imgBottomRight.Picture
wndMain.imgStop.Picture = wndGraphics.imgStop4.Picture
wndMain.imgPlay.Picture = wndGraphics.imgPlay1.Picture
wndMain.imgBurn.Picture = wndGraphics.imgBurn.Picture
wndMain.imgCdCopy.Picture = wndGraphics.imgCdCopy.Picture
wndMain.imgTN.Picture = wndGraphics.imgTN.Picture
wndMain.imgAdd.Picture = wndGraphics.imgAdd1.Picture
wndMain.imgClear.Picture = wndGraphics.imgClear1.Picture
wndMain.imgFile.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMenuBoxDown.Picture
wndMain.imgFileOver.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMenuBox.Picture
wndMain.imgEdit.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMenuBoxDown.Picture
wndMain.imgEdit2.Picture = wndGraphics.imgMenuBox.Picture
wndMain.imgProgressYellow.Picture = wndGraphics.imgLine.Picture
wndMain.imgSearch.Picture = wndGraphics.imgSearch.Picture
'wndMain.cboDrives.ListIndex = 0
wndMain.tvwFiles.Refresh
